#Teapot Sample

Description:
This sample code demonstrtes using the sensor data being generated by Sphero to control objects on
the screen.  This sample takes Apple's "Core Motion Teapot" code and modifies it to show how to use
accelerometer data from the ball to control the teapot instead of using the sensors in the iOS
device.  Hold Sphero in your hand while the app is running and tilt the ball to move the teapot on
the screen.

In order to use Sphero as a control device the stabilization system inside of Sphero must be
disabled so it doesn't try to right itself.  When using Sphero in this way you need to be sure that
stabilization is turned back on whenever your application exits or enters the background before
closing the connection to the robot.  See the CoreMotionTeapotAppDelegate in this sample code for
an example implementation.

This sample code only uses the accelerometer data from Sphero to control the teapot but also
streams gyro data to show how to use it.

There are several parameters that can be tweaked when streaming sensor data from Sphero.  This
sample app allows you to easily customize these parameters through a settings bundle and see
their effects.  Check the SDK documentation for additional information on these parameters.


</br>



CoreMotionTeapot

CoreMotionTeapot is an application project that demonstrates how to receive and process accelerometer and device motion data. Using this data and OpenGL ES, the application animates  a teapot image in three-dimensional space.

The project has the following classes and protocol, which (except where noted) have corresponding .h and .m file:

	▪	CoreMotionTeapotAppDelegate —A standard implementation of the UIApplicationDelegate protocol. 
	▪	EAGLView —A custom view class that wraps a CAEAGLLayer object and acts as a surface for OpenGL ES rendering. It also wraps several UIKit controls that allow the user to choose whether to render the teapot using raw accelerometer or processed device motion data, as well as tune various filter parameters. It creates an instance of CMMotionManager and uses it to receive both accelerometer and device motion data.
	▪	AccelerometerFilter - Contains an implementation of a low- and high-pass filter

In addition, the following files contain various utilities and data:
	▪	
	▪	matrix.h/.m - Contains various utility functions for operating on matrices.
	▪	vector.h - Contains various utility functions for operating on vectors.
	▪	vector_inline_implementation.h - Contains inline implementations of the functions in vector.h.
	▪	teapot.h - Contains data needed for rendering the teapot.
	▪	vertex.shader - Contains a simple OpenGL ES 2.0 vertex shader.
	▪	fragment.shader - Contains a simple OpenGL ES 2.0 fragment shader.


Device-motion data is derived from both the accelerometer and the gyroscope;  Core Motion processes the data before delivering it to the application.


Related Information
"Motion Events" in Event Handling Guide for iPhone OS explains how to use the Core Motion API. The document also includes links to related Core Motion reference documentation.


Special Considerations
If you run the compiled application on a device that does not have a gyroscope, you cannot use device motion data. You cannot effectively run the application on the simulator, for obvious reasons.



